README.md, before:

SeoMonkey

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/seomonkey">
    <img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/seomonkey.svg" alt="npm version" height="18">
  </a>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/a9261/HtmlSEO">
    <img src="https://travis-ci.org/a9261/HtmlSEO.svg?branch=master" alt="Travis CI" />
  </a>
  <a href='https://coveralls.io/github/a9261/HtmlSEO?branch=master'>
    <img src='https://coveralls.io/repos/github/a9261/HtmlSEO/badge.svg?branch=master' alt='Coverage Status' />
  </a>
  <a href="https://snyk.io/test/github/a9261/HtmlSEO?targetFile=package.json">
    <img src="https://snyk.io/test/github/a9261/HtmlSEO/badge.svg?targetFile=package.json" alt="Known Vulnerabilities" data-canonical-src="https://snyk.io/test/github/a9261/HtmlSEO?targetFile=package.json" style="max-width:100%;">
  </a>
</div>
=============================

This monkey tool will help detect your html tags or content by pre-define rules.
Hope for fun

## Prerequisites
Makesure you're use NodeJs version 8 and above
You can download from 
[here](https://nodejs.org/en/) 

## Install

```
$ npm i seomonkey
```

## How to play with SeoMonkey
Before start play, You need add config file on project root path.
Usually call **seomonkey.config.json**
### semonkey.config.js
```json
{
    "DetectedText":"{RuleName} are match  {Num} of elements,Mini:{Minimum} Max:{Maximum}",
    "MonkeyRules":[
        {
            "RuleName": "MonkeyRule1",
            "SearchRule":"head > title",
            "Minimum" : 1,
            "Maximum":1,
            "DetectedText":"Your {RuleName} is Match {Num} of elements"
        },
        {
            "RuleName":"MonkeyRule2",
            "SearchRule":"img:not([alt])",
            "Maximum":2
        },
        {
            "RuleName":"MonkeyRule3",
            "SearchRule":"head > meta[name='descriptions']",
            "Maximum":1
        },
        {
            "RuleName":"MonkeyRule4",
            "SearchRule":"head > meta[name='keywords']",
            "Maximum":1
        },
        {
            "RuleName":"MonkeyRule5",
            "SearchRule":"strong",
            "Maximum":15
        },
        {
            "RuleName":"MonkeyRule6",
            "SearchRule":"h1",
            "Maximum":1
        }
    ]
}
```

### Config definition

- `DetectedText`: (required) Which content and information you want to monkey told you
    - you can replace common detected text by add it to monkeyrules,Please see the MonkeyRule1
    - For got more information,You can use expression on your detected text
        - `{RuleName}` : Will replace by monkey rule name.
        - `{Num}`      : Will replace by how many html elements is fit the rule.
        - `{Minimum}` : Will replace by monkey rule definition minimum elements.
        - `{Maximum}` : Will replace by monkey rule definition maximum elements.
- `MonkeyRules`: (required) All of your rules want to monkey search.
    - `RuleName`: (required) Your favorite rule name. 
    - `SearchRule`: (required) Write the rule by use CSS-Selector.If you're not familer with this
    please refer [this](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Selectors)
    - `Minimum`: Definition minimum elements should be match by rule.If not .The detected text will add [Warning] to remind you. **Default: 0**
    - `Maximum`: Definition maximum elements should be match by rule.If not .The detected text will add [Warning] to remind you **Default: 0**
    - `DetectedText`: Like common detected text.But this content will overwrite it
### Usage
#### Easy example
```javascript
    const SeoMonkey = require('seomonkey').default;
    const HtmlSource = require('seomonkey').HtmlSource;

    // Init your monkey
    const monkey = new SeoMonkey();
    // Set your source for detect
    monkey.inputSource = new HtmlSource('test.html');
    // Run the save method and get the result
    monkey.saveResultToConsole();
```
#### Input Source Definition
- `HtmlSource`  : This source is let you can input html file path as source.
- `StreamSource`: This source is let you can input custom stream  as source.
#### HtmlSource example
You can choose which outputs you want
```javascript
    const fs = require('fs')
    const SeoMonkey = require('seomonkey').default;
    const HtmlSource = require('seomonkey').HtmlSource;

    const monkey = new SeoMonkey();
    monkey.inputSource = new HtmlSource('test.html');
    // Print result to console
    monkey.saveResultToConsole();
    // Save result as stream
    let writerStream = fs.createWriteStream('output.txt');
    monkey.saveResultToStream(writerStream);
    // Save result to file  
    monkey.saveResultToFile('demo.txt');
```
#### StreamSource example
```javascript
    const fs = require('fs')
    const SeoMonkey = require('seomonkey').default;
    const StreamSource = require('seomonkey').StreamSource;

    const monkey = new SeoMonkey();
    const readableStream = fs.createReadStream(filePath);
    let stream =   new StreamSource(readableStream);
    monkey.inputSource = stream;
    // Print result to console
    monkey.saveResultToConsole();
    // Save result as stream
    let writerStream = fs.createWriteStream('output.txt');
    monkey.saveResultToStream(writerStream);
    // Save result to file  
    monkey.saveResultToFile('demo.txt');
```
#### Change Rule in code example
Add new rule
```javascript
    const fs = require('fs')
    const SeoMonkey = require('seomonkey').default;
    const HtmlSource = require('seomonkey').HtmlSource;

    const monkey = new SeoMonkey();
    // Add new detect rule (The rule will push to the end of rules)
    let rule = new MonkeyRule();
    rule.DetectedText='Hello';
    rule.Maximum=1;
    rule.Minimum=1;
    rule.RuleName='This is new Rule';
    rule.SearchRule='head'
    monkey.config.addRule(rule);
    monkey.inputSource = new HtmlSource('test.html');
    // Print result to console
    monkey.saveResultToConsole();
```
clearAllRule
```javascript
    const fs = require('fs')
    const SeoMonkey = require('seomonkey').default;
    const HtmlSource = require('seomonkey').HtmlSource;
    const monkey = new SeoMonkey();
    monkey.config.clearAllRule();
    monkey.inputSource = new HtmlSource('test.html');
    // will not export any result to console. because rules is empty
    monkey.saveResultToConsole();
```
removeRuleAt
```javascript
    const fs = require('fs')
    const SeoMonkey = require('seomonkey').default;
    const HtmlSource = require('seomonkey').HtmlSource;
    const monkey = new SeoMonkey();
    monkey.config.removeRuleAt(4);
    monkey.inputSource = new HtmlSource('test.html');
    // MonkeyRule4 is removed ,So detected result and output will not include 
    monkey.saveResultToConsole();
```

Commit message:

Update typing file , Update README.md

README.md, after:

SeoMonkey

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/seomonkey">
    <img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/seomonkey.svg" alt="npm version" height="18">
  </a>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/a9261/HtmlSEO">
    <img src="https://travis-ci.org/a9261/HtmlSEO.svg?branch=master" alt="Travis CI" />
  </a>
  <a href='https://coveralls.io/github/a9261/HtmlSEO?branch=master'>
    <img src='https://coveralls.io/repos/github/a9261/HtmlSEO/badge.svg?branch=master' alt='Coverage Status' />
  </a>
  <a href="https://snyk.io/test/github/a9261/HtmlSEO?targetFile=package.json">
    <img src="https://snyk.io/test/github/a9261/HtmlSEO/badge.svg?targetFile=package.json" alt="Known Vulnerabilities" data-canonical-src="https://snyk.io/test/github/a9261/HtmlSEO?targetFile=package.json" style="max-width:100%;">
  </a>
</div>
=============================

This monkey tool will help detect your html tags or content by pre-define rules.
Hope for fun
## Tips
If you use VsCode our package has typing file. 
Makesure you can develop more easy, You can add //@ts-check on your js file
Learn more [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript/wiki/Type-Checking-JavaScript-Files)

Demo
<img src='https://i.imgur.com/ISRVYPo.gif' alt='VsCode typing Demo' />
## Prerequisites
Makesure you're use NodeJs version 8 and above
You can download from 
[here](https://nodejs.org/en/) 

## Install

```
$ npm i seomonkey
```

## How to play with SeoMonkey
Before start play, You need add config file on project root path.
Usually call **seomonkey.config.json**
### semonkey.config.js
```json
{
    "DetectedText":"{RuleName} are match  {Num} of elements,Mini:{Minimum} Max:{Maximum}",
    "MonkeyRules":[
        {
            "RuleName": "MonkeyRule1",
            "SearchRule":"head > title",
            "Minimum" : 1,
            "Maximum":1,
            "DetectedText":"Your {RuleName} is Match {Num} of elements"
        },
        {
            "RuleName":"MonkeyRule2",
            "SearchRule":"img:not([alt])",
            "Maximum":2
        },
        {
            "RuleName":"MonkeyRule3",
            "SearchRule":"head > meta[name='descriptions']",
            "Maximum":1
        },
        {
            "RuleName":"MonkeyRule4",
            "SearchRule":"head > meta[name='keywords']",
            "Maximum":1
        },
        {
            "RuleName":"MonkeyRule5",
            "SearchRule":"strong",
            "Maximum":15
        },
        {
            "RuleName":"MonkeyRule6",
            "SearchRule":"h1",
            "Maximum":1
        }
    ]
}
```

### Config definition

- `DetectedText`: (required) Which content and information you want to monkey told you
    - you can replace common detected text by add it to monkeyrules,Please see the MonkeyRule1
    - For got more information,You can use expression on your detected text
        - `{RuleName}` : Will replace by monkey rule name.
        - `{Num}`      : Will replace by how many html elements is fit the rule.
        - `{Minimum}` : Will replace by monkey rule definition minimum elements.
        - `{Maximum}` : Will replace by monkey rule definition maximum elements.
- `MonkeyRules`: (required) All of your rules want to monkey search.
    - `RuleName`: (required) Your favorite rule name. 
    - `SearchRule`: (required) Write the rule by use CSS-Selector.If you're not familer with this
    please refer [this](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Selectors)
    - `Minimum`: Definition minimum elements should be match by rule.If not .The detected text will add [Warning] to remind you. **Default: 0**
    - `Maximum`: Definition maximum elements should be match by rule.If not .The detected text will add [Warning] to remind you **Default: 0**
    - `DetectedText`: Like common detected text.But this content will overwrite it
### Usage
#### Easy example
```javascript
    const SeoMonkey = require('seomonkey').default;
    const HtmlSource = require('seomonkey').HtmlSource;

    // Init your monkey
    const monkey = new SeoMonkey();
    // Set your source for detect
    monkey.inputSource = new HtmlSource('test.html');
    // Run the save method and get the result
    monkey.saveResultToConsole();
```
#### Input Source Definition
- `HtmlSource`  : This source is let you can input html file path as source.
- `StreamSource`: This source is let you can input custom stream  as source.
#### HtmlSource example
You can choose which outputs you want
```javascript
    const fs = require('fs')
    const SeoMonkey = require('seomonkey').default;
    const HtmlSource = require('seomonkey').HtmlSource;

    const monkey = new SeoMonkey();
    monkey.inputSource = new HtmlSource('test.html');
    // Print result to console
    monkey.saveResultToConsole();
    // Save result as stream
    let writerStream = fs.createWriteStream('output.txt');
    monkey.saveResultToStream(writerStream);
    // Save result to file  
    monkey.saveResultToFile('demo.txt');
```
#### StreamSource example
```javascript
    const fs = require('fs')
    const SeoMonkey = require('seomonkey').default;
    const StreamSource = require('seomonkey').StreamSource;

    const monkey = new SeoMonkey();
    const readableStream = fs.createReadStream(filePath);
    let stream =   new StreamSource(readableStream);
    monkey.inputSource = stream;
    // Print result to console
    monkey.saveResultToConsole();
    // Save result as stream
    let writerStream = fs.createWriteStream('output.txt');
    monkey.saveResultToStream(writerStream);
    // Save result to file  
    monkey.saveResultToFile('demo.txt');
```
#### Change Rule in code example
Add new rule
```javascript
    const fs = require('fs')
    const SeoMonkey = require('seomonkey').default;
    const HtmlSource = require('seomonkey').HtmlSource;

    const monkey = new SeoMonkey();
    // Add new detect rule (The rule will push to the end of rules)
    let rule = new MonkeyRule();
    rule.DetectedText='Hello';
    rule.Maximum=1;
    rule.Minimum=1;
    rule.RuleName='This is new Rule';
    rule.SearchRule='head'
    monkey.config.addRule(rule);
    monkey.inputSource = new HtmlSource('test.html');
    // Print result to console
    monkey.saveResultToConsole();
```
clearAllRule
```javascript
    const fs = require('fs')
    const SeoMonkey = require('seomonkey').default;
    const HtmlSource = require('seomonkey').HtmlSource;
    const monkey = new SeoMonkey();
    monkey.config.clearAllRule();
    monkey.inputSource = new HtmlSource('test.html');
    // will not export any result to console. because rules is empty
    monkey.saveResultToConsole();
```
removeRuleAt
```javascript
    const fs = require('fs')
    const SeoMonkey = require('seomonkey').default;
    const HtmlSource = require('seomonkey').HtmlSource;
    const monkey = new SeoMonkey();
    monkey.config.removeRuleAt(4);
    monkey.inputSource = new HtmlSource('test.html');
    // MonkeyRule4 is removed ,So detected result and output will not include 
    monkey.saveResultToConsole();
```
